Installation via nix instructions. (#102)
bmcage/odes: docs/installation.rst

Installation
============

Using Nix
---------

By using the Nix package manager, you can install scikits-odes in one
line. Of course you need to install `nix <https://nixos.org/nix/>`_
first.

    curl https://nixos.org/nix/install | sh

And now you can start a python shell with scikits-odes (and numpy) ready for use.

    nix-shell -I nixpkgs=~/nixpkgs \
    -p python37Packages.scikits-odes \
    -p python37Packages.numpy \
    --run "python3"

> To prove that lapack is available (although the nix install will have

Reviewer: I moved the line about running tests to the paragraph above. Here, I'd just write:

> For a quick check, run the following code:

Author: I believe I have incorporated your suggestions.

Linking Errors
..............
Verify you link to the correct sundials version. Easiest to ensure you only have one ``libsundials_xxx`` installed. If several are installed, pass the correct one via the ``$SUNDIALS_INST`` environment variable.

Using Nix
---------

By using the Nix package manager, you can install scikits-odes in one
line. Of course you need to install `nix <https://nixos.org/nix/>`_
first.

    curl https://nixos.org/nix/install | sh

And now you can start a python shell with scikits-odes (and numpy) ready for use.

    nix-shell -I nixpkgs=~/nixpkgs \
    -p python37Packages.scikits-odes \
    -p python37Packages.numpy \
    --run "python3"

> To prove that lapack is available (although the nix install will have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can verify lapack is available (although the nix install will have
```

> run many tests to check this already):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run many tests to check this already), try the following python snippet in the interpreter:
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code:: python
```
